Welcome back in this lecture we're going to actually begin implementing straight payments.
Keep in mind we're just creating a very simple site that essentially accepts donations for complex tasks.
You can check out the documentation for Strype at w w w that Strype dot com forward slash docs.
And we're going to be using the examples in the documentation to actually implement our code that accepts
the payments.
So keep in mind if you're wondering for the actual syntax you can always reference a striped box.
They have really great documentation.
Let's quickly visit the documentation explored a bit and then get started with our own implementation.
All right.
Here we are at the Strype documentation at striped dot com for slashed docs.
You can check out the documentation for a whole load of features.
They have things like dashboards that you can create such as an overview to see how much has been being
paid and keep in mind that you'll want to actually create your own Strype account and get your own API
keys and that will connect to your bank account.
That way when you accept payments those payments go to your bank account through your API.
Now for our case we're just going to be using Strypes example APHC which doesn't actually accept real
payments and we'll also be putting in the fake credit card that works that are kind of fake API key.
So keep in mind there's lots you can do here.
Something I want to make clear is as you explore that documentation for example let's say you're interested
in collecting payments and you want to figure out how you can actually create a charge.
There's tons of code examples and what you're going to do is you're just going to need to click on Python
and this will be the Python code that you're going to insert into your Flast documentation for whatever
you're trying to do.
So if you're trying to do things like check out refunds eventually you'll see documentation here on
what code you have to add in to your flask example to actually get this all to work.
So again it's really useful documentation here.
And you'll notice that a lot of this is just a few lines of code.
The main things are just setting up your API key.
And as you hover over them they'll say that this is a sample secret a pikey need to sign in to see your
own examples.
Prefilled if your test keys so that's actually something that's really cool.
Once you sign in all these examples would actually be prefilled with your own correct keys.
So then you can just explore the documentation and copy and paste as you go along.
Some of my favorite features of the documentation.
Now I want to also mention that there's a specific check out guide for flask and that striped dot com
Ford slash docs slash checkout slash flask.
And this is essentially what we're going to be following along with.
Keep in mind you'll have to run this line at your terminal.
Install Ford slash Erse who's made dash dash upgrade stripe Strype So we're going to say pipin salt
essentially upgrade Strype and we're going to be using this import stripe library in order to get all
of this to work.
So this is essentially what we're following along with here are going to take you through this kind
of simple example.
Over at the Adam text editor.
Let's get started.
All right.
Here I am at the Adam text editor under this flask example full there we have here on my desktop what
I'm going to do is create a new file or call app thought pie and that's going to contain my actual Python
code for this.
And to make sure this all works I'm going to first I'm going to activate my environment I'll say activate
my flask in the order we happen to call your environment.
And then I want to make sure that I have the latest version of Strype so I'll say pipin stall upgrade
Strype.
So those two dashes there and then it should download it or upgrade it for you.
Again that command line is just pipin stall dash dash upgrade stripe.
Same thing we saw in the documentation.
So make sure you've done that as well in your environment.
Once we have that ready to go I'm going to create another folder here.
Underneath that I'm going to call it templates and we're essentially is going to have two templates
in index page for home page and a thank you page.
So going to say new file index each T.M. And one more file here.
Thank you.
Each T.M..
So thank you.
H Timo.
OK so we have an index page.
Thank you page.
Most of our work is going to be done here in the app.
So let's get started.
First we're going to say from flask import flask rendered template request read direct read direct and
then your L4 and then we're going to import Strype that will say Apples equal to flask
and in the next hour and do is for this example we're going to set our public key and Strype API key
just directly in our pie file.
Often you'll want to set these as environment variables and then and for the actual key we're using
these are going to be the example keys.
So I'm going to copy and paste these from my example.
And I would mention you do the same or use your own keys if you are already registered but these keys
right here at this public key that I'm about to type out and the secret key Those are the example keys
that work with flask and stripe for a fake ID card or a fake credit card.
So we're going to be using those.
And then we're going to call Strype and then set our API key.
So he said a public key and then we set the Strype API key again.
I'm going to copy and paste this from my notes and I suggest you do the same just copy and paste from
our file because these particular public keys and they keys these are the fake ones that just work for
an example credit card.
All right.
So the first thing to do is route to our home page.
And this is going to be really simple it's just going to be the index and we're going to return the
following we'll say return render a template and we'll have index sites.
Tim L and we'll actually be using the public key in our home page to make sure that checkout works.
So we're going to say public key is equal to public key.
So we'll be using that later on in that actual template file that we're going to have.
Thank you page.
So after they've paid we'll have a quick thank you and then here we're going to say is T.F. think you
and this is just going to return rendered template of the think you got each team or file.
OK.
So we have our index home page view and our THANK YOU view.
And then after that we're going to have a payment view and that payment view you can almost think of
it as like a Lagat view where it really does most of the work.
So let's get started with setting up our payment view well see app that route forward slash payments
and there's not actually going to be a template connected to this.
This is essentially just handling the logical task of connecting ghostwrite and then accepting that
payment from the users bank account and then sending it over to your own bank account.
So the methods and this list we actually just need post and I'm going to collapse this left hand to
give ourselves a little more room.
So let's see what this payment view looks like.
This is kind of the one doing all the work the payments Well we're going to do is we first start off
with the customer information.
So the customer information we say customer is equal to.
And then we're going to create a Strype customer objects will say Strype dot customer notice that sees
capital is there and then we say create and we're going to have a forum here on this actual payment
route for the checkout.
That's going to request and e-mails so say e-mail request form and we'll say Strype email.
And then the second one we're going to say.
Source is equal to request that form and this is going to be Strype token.
So that's going to create some customer information for us.
And then we're going to do is have some payment information.
So here we're going to say charge is equal to.
And we're going to create a charge object.
So I'll say strike that charge create.
And then here we're going to pass in the customer.
So in this case what's well say customer is equal to customer I.D. amount is equal to.
And in this case whatever amount you want to charge.
So we're going to say in 1999.
So $19 the 99 cents and we'll say currency is equal to us dollars and you could check the documentation
over like what currencies are accepted and they each have string codes and then you can give a description.
That way when you view your dashboard on your Strype account you'll see that oh $19 and 99 cents came
for your description.
So this case we're making at the Nation Web sites all say it's for our donation.
So once they've paid we're going to redirect them to the thank you page.
So it's a return redirect your l4.
And in this case we'll say thank you.
OK.
So that's the payment view.
It's really similar to a log out view in the sense that there is no template associated with it.
We actually just reroute them from the index page and it kind of shows the checkout form.
And then once they've done that then they get their accesses the thank you page and at the bottom of
all this we're going to say if name is equal to Main take the app run it and for right now will say
debug is equal to true so save those changes.
And again I would suggest you copy and paste in case you kind of mess anything up.
It's really easy to make typos here but we have some customer mation basically through a customer object.
You also have some payment information through a charge object.
Now the second part of this were a lot of the work is going to go into our index.
Each team will file.
So now let's go to our team T.M. And we'll start typing H.T. mail to kind of get these Skelton codes
in here and I get a copy and paste the bootstrap links.
So I'll put those in the head right now.
So go ahead and copy and paste that.
Here are links of bootstrap and then we're going to do and say the body is say Divx.
So we'll create a division here and we'll just have this be a jumbotron.
So really simple we'll say had one.
Welcome to our donation page and then we'll say H-2 would you like to donate.
Questionmark.
Now we're going to do is set up our checkout form.
So there's actually going to be a little form that people can fill out with their credit card information.
So we'll say form and the class if you want I can add in classes here to try and make it look better.
You can also check out the Strype documentation they actually have their own really nice looking forms
that they've kind of open source for you to add in your own class calls they're the action that we're
going to do is now we're going to send them to the your el for payments.
So that's going to send them to that payment view and the method is going to be post going to make this
all caps just to make sure we don't get any errors there.
So we have this URL for a post and then we have to add in a bunch of things here and we have to add
in as a script so such is going to be some javascript at work here.
And we're going to say the following.
We actually don't need to specify the type instead what we're going to do is we're going to specify
a couple of things here.
Am I going to do this over multiple lines.
So notice how I have still this close anti-glare will say the source is equal to.
And in this case we have to point to HTC P.S. colon for Slash for Slash Cecco stripe come forward.
Last check out thought J.
S.
And then we're going to say here the class is equal to what's striped button.
All right.
So we have our source.
We have our class and then we're going to connect it with the data key.
And set that equal to the public key that we passed then.
So remember if we take a look back at this view appear we have this index view and it's passing in the
public key.
And when you actually register for your own Strype account they'll give you your own public key and
secret key which will fill in here.
The ones I'm using right now are just the test keys.
So that's what we're passing into the index page which we're going to be passing in inside of this form
inside this group which directly connects to the checkout capabilities of Strype.
So we have this data key that's the public key we're passing in that will we're going to do is say data
amount and we actually passed this in as a stream.
So say $19 and 99 cents so it's just a string right there 1 9 9 9.
And then we'll say give it a name the name will say it's the puppy adoption or puppy donation or whatever
you want to say here for the name data description.
Again very similar.
It's kind of up to you to say it's donation and then you can actually pass in an image if you want.
So I will leave that blank for now.
We'll show you later what you can do if it we'll say data local Ezekial to auto and then we'll say data
zip code is equal to true.
OK.
Let's make sure these are double quotes just to make sure we don't get any errors here.
And I'll do the same appear above.
It should work either way but just in case we'll put double quotes there.
All right.
So this is essentially the giant script that's going to automatically create the form for the checkout
with straight and believe it or not that's actually all you have to do.
And a lot of this you're not going to type it out yourself.
Instead you just go to documentation.
And if you copy and paste pretty much all of this would have been filled out free already.
Besides the name and description and the amount.
So I'm going to save that right here.
And let's now fill out our thank you page.
So the thank you page it's going to look really similar going to start by typing off H-2 e-mail here.
Save that and get a copy and paste the links from Bootstrap So we'll put that here in the head.
And then what I like to do is just have a little Jumbotron that says thank you.
So it's a div class jumbotron and then here it'll be thank you for your donation.
OK.
Save that.
And now let's run this and make sure that actually all works.
And then at the end we'll show you how you can add in your own custom image on the checkout form.
So going to run python app that pie let's make sure we didn't get any errors here.
Looks like it's running active.
So let's bring it up in our browser and check it out.
So if you take a look at our page it looks kind of ugly but the actual use cases there.
Welcome to THE NATION page.
Would you like to donate.
And then here we have.
Pay with card again keep in mind if we take a look at what we did in our actual index page to metafile
we set the class here call to straight button.
So it's the default kind of class here.
You can use your own CSSA kind of color that up or make that look better.
But once you hit pay of card those what happens we get back.
It's almost like a motel and it's saying test mode.
That's because we're using the test API Keys.
Let's test this out and see if it works for the e-mail you can provide any e-mail you want so it can
be fake.
We'll see one at one dot com for the card number in order for this to work.
The card number you have to provide is 42 42 42 42 42 42 42 42.
And then the date you can give any expiration as long as it's in the future.
So I'll say 12.
And for me in the future we'll say like 2034.
So we'll leave that.
You can do any See see.
Basically the security CVC number.
So say one two three.
And any zip code you want as well.
So one two three four five if you want you can see the options for remembering me.
Basically Strype will save that user's credit card information.
You yourself as the creator of the flask application you don't save that information.
So that's only for stripe.
So they can say remember me and I can ask you for a phone number e-mail and so on.
And get more information about that over there.
So I'm not going to click that and then will click pay 1999 and theoretically that money would now have
been transferred from their bank account to yours and they would take it to their redirect on the thank
you for your donation page.
All right.
And that's really the basics of setting up the ability to accept payments for flask with Strype.
Keep in mind it's up to you what you want to do with that money after the person as a paid you.
Other thing to keep in mind is you can use CSSA to kind of customize that checkup form.
Check out the strict documentation.
There's lots of examples there of making that pay of card button and just a general check up process
look a lot nicer than what we just saw what we just saw was a little bit crude but it got the job done.
If we go back to the home page here I'm going to go back to that form and show you one last thing notice
here we set up the day key them out they name and so on.
There's actually an other thing concept which is the data image Sarratt after data description.
I can say data dash image and I can set this to link to an image.
So for example in our notes we link this to a picture of a puppy.
So I get a copy and paste that link there.
It's just from an splash.
So it let me copy and paste this and it's a really long file.
So it's just a link to some image on Splash dot com which shows a little photo of a puppy.
So that's the data image qualifier in case you want to add in your own image.
So again data dash image.
So let's go ahead and check out our Web site now that we've added that in.
So I'm going to bring it in over now for a hit pay of card notice I get this little picture of this
nice puppy.
Again you can check out the CSSA calls you can do here on this actual form to make it look a lot nicer
but nice is a nice picture.
OK.
So that's it for accepting payments with stripe.
Again check with that documentation.
It's really so thorough that pretty much any question you have is answered of the documentation.
You just need to register log in and then you have all that code that you can copy and paste.
We've shown here is just the general structure of how to except through a script action call on your
flask app with straight hope those useful to you.
We'll see you in the next one.